User documents restructuring (2,3/3) (#10140)
gardener/gardener: docs/usage/shoot_settings/default_seccomp_profile.md

---
description: Enable the use of `RuntimeDefault` as the default seccomp profile through `spec.kubernetes.kubelet.seccompDefault`
weight: 15
---

# Default Seccomp Profile and Configuration 

> This is a short guide describing how to enable the defaulting of seccomp profiles for shoot clusters. Running pods in `Unconfined` (seccomp disabled) mode is undesirable since this is the least restrictive profile. Also, mind that any privileged container will always run as `Unconfined`. More information about seccomp can be found in this [Kubernetes tutorial](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tutorials/security/seccomp/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a short guide describing how to enable the defaulting of seccomp profiles for shoot clusters. Running pods in `Unconfined` (seccomp disabled) mode is undesirable since this is the least restrictive profile. Also, mind that any privileged container will always run as `Unconfined`. More information about seccomp can be found in [Restrict a Container's Syscalls with seccomp](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tutorials/security/seccomp/).
```

# Default Seccomp Profile and Configuration 

> This is a short guide describing how to enable the defaulting of seccomp profiles for shoot clusters. Running pods in `Unconfined` (seccomp disabled) mode is undesirable since this is the least restrictive profile. Also, mind that any privileged container will always run as `Unconfined`. More information about seccomp can be found in [Restrict a Container's Syscalls with seccomp](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tutorials/security/seccomp/).

Reviewer 2: You could apply the same diff to `docs/operations/default_seccomp_profile_seed.md` as the section is the same for both of the files.
